okay I'm going to try to show you how to
play all I want to be by Peter Frampton
and make it sound as much like the
studio version as I can so the key to
this song and making it sound like the
original recording is to take your D
string your high E string rather and
tune it down to a D so match your other
D so it's one whole step down
that's the key to the song to making it
sound right there's five chord forms
we're going to look at starting with a D
take your normal D chord that you would
play let go with your bottom fingers so
you're not fretting the e string so it
gives it that neat heavy heavily D
weighted sound C chord just like you
would normally play it with the D
ringing through G chord like you would
normally play it except you don't use
the bottom finger if you play a G this
way you take it off so that D is there
the D string and bottom D strings
ringing through on all the chords G
minor seventh fret the entire third fret
and then fifth string here your a string
to make it a minor seventh and then uses
this form of a C chord while refreshing
the entire third fret
so called the other kind of c-course and
that's most of the chords the other
thing that he does on the intro is he
plays the g string and the B string on
the fifth fret so second third strings
fifth Brad let the D string ring through
and that's how the song starts and any
frets five four five four off so
it repeats that
and he goes into versus do what you do
then when he gets to catch you see you
go back to that d9 you start
what you
then he gets into the little bridge
which is pretty simple this core that we
talked about at the very beginning this
d9 you take the same chord form move up
to the seventh fret on the B and g
strings so he goes
so what I did was seventh fret being
g-strings and I moved up to the 8 8 & 9
and back down to five
and here look guys a little run on the
e-string
you
so that's the same thing
I'm getting that sound by letting go of
the my third finger so I'm letting the B
string ring through
that's the backbones of the song hope
that helps